

                                 INSTALLATION

                             M O D E L L E R   9v8


                       Copyright(c) 1989-2010 Andrej Sali
                              All Rights Reserved

 See the file README for information about how to get MODELLER. The source code
 is not generally available. Hence, most users are limited to the compiled
 versions of MODELLER. The program is distributed as a single install file
 that contains scripts, libraries, examples, documentation (in PDF and
 HTML formats) and executables for the supported platforms and operating
 systems. Please refer to the relevant section below for your platform:


** WINDOWS INSTALLATION

   1)   If using Windows NT/2000/XP/Vista, log on as a Computer Administrator.
        (For older systems, e.g. Windows 98, just log on as normal.)

   2)   Download the Windows installer modeller9v8.exe and save it to your
        Desktop.

   3)   Double-click on the modeller9v8 file to start the installer.

   4)   Tell the installer where to install Modeller, and enter your Modeller
        license key when prompted.

   5)   Once the install is complete, use the Modeller link from the Start
        Menu to start a Command Prompt from where you can run Modeller
        scripts. You can then delete the original installer file from
        your Desktop.


** MAC OS X INSTALLATION

   1)   Log in to your Mac as an admin user.

   2)   Download the modeller-9v8.dmg file to your Desktop.

   4)   Double-click on the modeller-9v8.dmg file to open the disk image.

   5)   Double-click on the "Modeller 9v8.pkg" file within this image.
        Enter your license key when prompted by the installer.

   6)   Once the install is complete, you can run Modeller from a command line
        (e.g. the Terminal application) by typing "mod9v8".
        You can then drag both the 'Modeller 9v8' disk image and the
        modeller-9v8.dmg file to your trash.


** LINUX INSTALLATION (USING RPM)

   (Note: replace 'i386' with 'ia64' or 'x86_64' if using an Itanium or
   AMD64/EM64T machine, respectively.)

   1)  Download the modeller-9v8-1.i386.rpm file.

   2)  Install the RPM file with the following command, replacing XXXX with
       your Modeller license key:

          env KEY_MODELLER9v8=XXXX rpm -ivh modeller-9v8-1.i386.rpm


** GENERIC UNIX INSTALLATION

   1)  Download the modeller-9v8.tar.gz file into a temporary directory on your
       computer.

   2)  Open a console or terminal (e.g. xterm, Konsole, GNOME terminal)
       and change to the directory where you downloaded the .tar.gz file.
       Unpack the file with the following commands:

          gunzip modeller-9v8.tar.gz
          tar -xvf modeller-9v8.tar

      The result of unpacking will be the directory ./modeller-9v8, containing
      the following uncompressed files and directories:

         doc/             MODELLER documentation directory
         examples/        directory containing examples and tutorials
         Install          installation script
         INSTALLATION     this file
         README           file describing distribution and registration
         modlib/          libraries and data files for the program
         bin/             .top script files and MODELLER executables


   3)  Go to the ./modeller-9v8 directory and run the installation script:

         ./Install

       Answer several questions as prompted. If you make a mistake,
       you can re-run the script.

  For additional information visit our web site:

  http://salilab.org/modeller/



  Sincerely,

  MODELLER Team
  2010/04/21, r7145
